   Domain Name: MERCADONA.COM
   Registry Domain ID: 610435_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN
   Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.ascio.com
   Registrar URL: http://www.ascio.com
   Updated Date: 2023-09-20T09:30:03Z
   Creation Date: 1997-04-11T04:00:00Z
   Registry Expiry Date: 2025-04-12T04:00:00Z
   Registrar: Ascio Technologies, Inc. Danmark - Filial af Ascio technologies, Inc. USA
   Registrar IANA ID: 106
   Registrar Abuse Contact Email: abuse@ascio.com
   Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +1.4165350123
   Domain Status: ok https://icann.org/epp#ok
   Name Server: ARTEMIS.TTD.NET
   Name Server: MINERVA.TTD.NET
   Name Server: NS-CLOUD-A1.GOOGLEDOMAINS.COM
   Name Server: NS-CLOUD-A2.GOOGLEDOMAINS.COM
   Name Server: NS-CLOUD-A3.GOOGLEDOMAINS.COM
   Name Server: NS-CLOUD-A4.GOOGLEDOMAINS.COM
   DNSSEC: unsigned
   URL of the ICANN Whois Inaccuracy Complaint Form: https://www.icann.org/wicf/
>>> Last update of whois database: 2025-03-12T14:38:58Z <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration
date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the sponsoring
registrar.  Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to
view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration.

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global Registry
Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by VeriSign for
information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information
about or related to a domain name registration record. VeriSign does not
guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide
by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only
for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data
to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone,
or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes
that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation,
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly
prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to
use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or
query the Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register
domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right
to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure
operational stability.  VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.

The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU domains and
Registrars.
Domain Name: mercadona.com
Registry Domain ID: 610435_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.ascio.com
Registrar URL: http://www.ascio.com 
Updated Date: 2023-07-22T21:29:29Z
Creation Date: 1997-04-11T00:00:00Z
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2025-04-12T00:00:00Z
Registrar: Ascio Technologies, Inc
Registrar IANA ID: 106
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: abuse@ascio.com
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +44 (20) 81583881
Domain Status: OK https://icann.org/epp#ok

Registry Registrant ID: Not Disclosed
Registrant Name: Not Disclosed
Registrant Organization: Not Disclosed
Registrant Street: Not Disclosed
Registrant City: Not Disclosed 
Registrant State/Province: Valencia
Registrant Postal Code: Not Disclosed
Registrant Country: ES
Registrant Phone: Not Disclosed
Registrant Phone Ext: Not Disclosed
Registrant Fax: Not Disclosed
Registrant Fax Ext: Not Disclosed
Registrant Email: https://whoiscontact.ascio.com?domainname=mercadona.com

Registry Admin ID: Not Disclosed
Admin Name: Not Disclosed
Admin Organization: Not Disclosed
Admin Street: Not Disclosed
Admin City: Not Disclosed
Admin State/Province: Not Disclosed
Admin Postal Code: Not Disclosed
Admin Country: Not Disclosed
Admin Phone: Not Disclosed
Admin Phone Ext: Not Disclosed
Admin Fax: Not Disclosed
Admin Fax Ext: Not Disclosed
Admin Email: Not Disclosed

Registry Tech ID: Not Disclosed
Tech Name: Not Disclosed
Tech Organization: Not Disclosed
Tech Street: Not Disclosed
Tech City: Not Disclosed 
Tech State/Province: Not Disclosed
Tech Postal Code: Not Disclosed
Tech Country: Not Disclosed
Tech Phone: Not Disclosed
Tech Phone Ext: Not Disclosed
Tech Fax: Not Disclosed  
Tech Fax Ext: Not Disclosed
Tech Email: Not Disclosed

Name Server: ARTEMIS.TTD.NET
Name Server: minerva.ttd.net
Name Server: ns-cloud-a1.googledomains.com
Name Server: ns-cloud-a2.googledomains.com
Name Server: ns-cloud-a3.googledomains.com
Name Server: ns-cloud-a4.googledomains.com
DNSSEC: unsigned
URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System: https://icann.org/wicf
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2025-03-12T14:39:13Z <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

The data in Ascio Technologies' WHOIS database is provided 
by Ascio Technologies for information purposes only. By submitting 
a WHOIS query, you agree that you will use this data only for lawful 
purpose. In addition, you agree not to:
(a) use the data to allow, enable, or otherwise support any marketing
activities, regardless of the medium used. Such media include but are 
not limited to e-mail, telephone, facsimile, postal mail, SMS, and
wireless alerts; or
(b) use the data to enable high volume, automated, electronic processes
that send queries or data to the systems of any Registry Operator or 
ICANN-Accredited registrar, except as reasonably necessary to register 
domain names or modify existing registrations.
(c) sell or redistribute the data except insofar as it has been 
incorporated into a value-added product or service that does not permit
the extraction of a substantial portion of the bulk data from the value-added
product or service for use by other parties.
Ascio Technologies reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.
Ascio Technologies cannot guarantee the accuracy of the data provided.
By accessing and using Ascio Technologies WHOIS service, you agree to these terms.
